Questionnaire

The little blog form
DAFRAYAL'S ALKINDLI
WEB.DAFRAYAL.COM

Section 1
Couple of questions.
Complete the test

The pellet

1.Call out the aggregated chemical order.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

2.What are references between numerology and form'a'logy. How would you distinct from meth'o'dology?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

3.One is the end, more is silence and zero is a cycle. Do you agree? If not then describe mentioning timeframes when You agreed and when You did not.

At the end of cosmos separated by liquid glass pavements Earth core begins period or another cosmos begins to another Earth or it's a different quantum mechanism. Do you agree?

The "get and pay" has to faulter due to enormous lack. Do you agree?

A big bang couldn't possibly cause randomizing manufacturing organically first. Do you agree?

"The lost" - firstly Russia/Asia/India will be Antarctica thirdly and Russia/Asia/India will be Greenland/Africa thirdly, and America will be "The South"/Europe, "North"/Europe thirdly will.. changed by humans light and gravity. Mis-written only The South and North in Europe/Russia/Greenland/Africa. Do you agree?

Inequity and equity and equality are all the literal and mathematical symbols of human life. Do you agree?

Are you ever blind to one of perceptions in recognition? How would you use logic if you can inside or outside.

You are not of equity or nationality if You can't do without coffee or is it stores nearby?
Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

4.What is big about the end or mountains!?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

Section 2
The Sasquach

5.What is indeed space clarification?

Magnetic gains and sacrifices are shared in slow motion to determine?

Having little, do you care less?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

6.What would be the notice again of free military misconducts and the end of their kingdoms? Mention markings, slogans and flowers...

How and what if not all were the governmental shared procedures that were used in own favor despite the unliving fight for hunger morally, mentally to let the companies take over monetary systems themselves? Is it for the same historical amendment?

How do supermarkets get rid of expired products if any? Given to military?

Would you rather reproduce bacteria with a machine, leaders or a human?

How distinct has word - "privacy", become?

What would be the new aquarium of a parliament building? 

How do rich with money distinguish themselves from work? 

What is the difference between scientific securities and organizing?

What is the sense of time and what is a sense of time?

Why is independency fragile?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

7.Was it to dig or to dig up? Despite being part.

What is the only matter in manner of physics? Angel?

What is extension controller?

What is hilarious about the same? Theoretically. 

What cannot be solved by reference? Speed or matter?Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

8.Do you acquire political proximity to be when if so then Why? 

How descriptive is only?

Is there master's degree for perspective?

How do "STATES" achieve lost goals?Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

9.What is in demographical memory allocation exchange and control?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

10.How to speak or write? 
How to create antonyms, synonyms to transistors and for what, and what would be the processes? 
How sleep eye residue disinfects from the programmers in buildings?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

11.What is the difference between fridge, winter, cups, dishes and virtual world planted trees? 
What does rain do to fuel?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

12.What is terminology?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

13.What are the types and differences in internal reactions spiritually that would outbound (also vice versa) any sort of chemical volume? Mention types, compounds, reactions and impacts.
Which ends and beginnings would you deprecate, change, malform? Answer only literally.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

14.Say how compound placing ends. What are the leads and entries.

If Earth rounded smaller chemistry would it put you to sleep?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

15.When you are made to believe is it just for evil?
Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

16.If people epitets are different how would you transit? Do you take planet remarkable?

If you had any work blind or fold or visioned and rather took others as "own" how would you submit it?

By what means (elite) bound time call would a all empty embarrassment without cause?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

17.What do you think about these epithets? - "Brains can be cough in and out through up and down phenomenon taking bed through space and time for premises to get fast impacts". "Paying the poor is a public, weak and spread resource including everyone". "Only' old are technical and gone". "Count less manner, compare more matter"Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

18.Which organs would you share in Rock and Rolls or Rock and Rolling? The question is popular racially nowadays.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

19.How is "going after" compared to intake? Also name one futuristic thing.

What is quantum circulatory membrane muscle and ankle? Later.

Difference between breast feeding, brain feeding and growth?

What would you change for your belongings lefts singularities thrive to other from a complex for example?

Light "flash", come pay set?

Exposed to being and rest, but instead?Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

Section 3
The hydraulic press

20.What is difference between statement and finder? Name in order.

What is the difference by sender and undo fur? Tell of advent.

Why is coffee more different than moving paper inclusively?

What's easier to get rid of or to "get rid"?

When You asked someone does he like bananas, did you define psychological emotion at least?

When You welcomed would it be by far the only answer being in the air?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

21.Do you know any spices that are yellow?

Do you know any wheat that smells?

Do you know any bed of the evening?

Do you know any rubber clothing?

Do you know any religi''ous person?

So' where does meat and fat grow from?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

22.Can cosmos water die from phone call and smoke?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

23.Are you a or the Dad of what you do and what do you do?

Is destiny spare time?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

24.Does tidiness lie or beg?

Why are dreams distinct from bodies?

Name some kind of people you'd joice and rejoice.

Would you prefer high volume or low volume or big volume or small volume or huge volume or tiny volume or enormous volume relatively?

Do you ask questions you have to know to have an answer to?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

25.Have you ever seen kindness coming to look different secretly?

What is "entropy wall enforcing change"? Bilaterally also known as biologically. In your sense of view.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

26.Who would be He to also zoom with camera having pre-script? Religous, virtual?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

27.How much has human history constitutionally, memorially healed? Name impacts and mention milk, nuts.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

28.What's the difference between conversation, volume and question, answer?

How are people left to know as you are? What is the implementation to that? Is it a being?

How come Earth could extract timer thoughts and comparison to fuel in humans exterior, interior? Update.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

29.How would You globally dialect if you cannot find, age, ave? Then ride off other making?

Have you ever directed with -- "something's ..."?

You ever feel pulled back while also being in disregard of a "target"?Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

30.Do lines lie to beginnings and ends?Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

Section 4
Welcome!
Really the last questions.

31.Why did people amplify televisions?

What is interior home mythology tale?

What is publication ownership? Bare metal answer, please or instinct.Single line text. 
Enter your answer

32.What's different about the same?

Is replaced, but only repeated?

Is "kept" a lesser fiction?

Is it called iterated or empathic? Do you believe it or you do not don'ts.

What makes equal think of same more?

Multiple is accident of anonymous?

What is emerald subiquity anthem?
Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

33.Could a man been blind to youth or liver? Proceed.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

34.What is logic literal orientation?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

35.Did you find any trick questions in this form? Or schoolar's play ground?Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

Section 5
About me
Sex: His 
Industry occupation: Consulting 
Location: Ogre, Latvia
Introduction: Shillings
Interests: Enemies 
Favorite movies: "Euro trip", "road trip".
Favorite music: Eminem
Favorite books: "Words explained in their original affinity" by United Kingdom colleges
DAFRAYAL@OUTLOOK.COM
Policy "control", lifestyle assets, project management

- Founded 9/22/1995
     - Established 7/16/2008
  - Launched 10/5/2018

   Copyright:
GENERALS - IGE MXRO ZB
year 2019 to year 2023

Section 6
 Think of art as emotion that we always capture and we must craft ourselves.
A frozen day that must melt next. Our store is as life force that stays and time that likes fading.

This is unregistered, but trusted business

IN GOOD ENTIRE - Audio / visual art manufacturing

MASTER  XENAGOGUE RAVEL OBJECTS - Science and knowledge

ZERO BECAME - Random post


VITA BEIKERTE writes
                     I always liked how my name sounds. How exactly, I do not know, but I want others to hear as wide how sea is rustling, so piercingly as hot sand beach, because I have studied in Liepāja art school and that is that Liepāja citizen anxiety, spite, cockiness and self visioning also highlight in close-up. Every painting is my close-up. Painting to me means witholding feeling of love, prayer and sin confession at same time. Really loud silence, painting in essence is silent poetry. So I paint, washing away everyday dust from our souls and most importantly trying to convey this feeling and leave marks into my sons. Many paintings have started their life.

          My works are as visual signal world and in it is time and space construction. I never know, what is that, what I am doing and it definitely is not fullness in infinite emptiness, even though I have feeling that Almighty is a patient watcher. I believe in painting, its existence nothing can replace its adventure, special material in front of you. I search for arts strength, with it - strength in simplicity, curt glide and sometimes I find one line, color, silhouette as infinity. Experience is that secret code for every art work. My viewers have chances here to foreshadow multilayer detection in expression, color, feelings, story.

Section 7
                 Latvia. 80s Artistic days and girlfriend Lolita father smells after kitchen oil colors smells. Rīga. Spring. Doma piazza. Anita Meldere and Vita Merca paintings in which I fell in love when I was 18 years old. Līvi plays in and create rock backdrop. Vinita arrives and conjures Liepāja boheme description, I have to embed into it. Pērkones street house someone is knocking at window again. With Jānis Viņķelis and Andis Strods something is being foldered, moved, most likely clouds. Ivonna Kalita Then again Rīga and dog performances with Viņķelis and Daiga Rudzīte before.

                    Kulik variant. Liepāja Aija becomes Bauska Aija and in Rundāle we discover grandiose performance with soviet Latvian flags withered in Milda and guests from Moscow. It is 1987. Year. Bauska is recovering as visiting, access, interacting point from 2000. Year. Painted together with Anita Meldere, Jurģis Skulme, Juris Ģērmanis, Aija Ušerovska, Aina Putniņa and others. Hilly Middle Earth of Latvia Ķeipene also calls in for artists. With Vita Merca we are sitting by pond.. Pond can be metaphor and can be aesthetically charming experience. At hill gallery in Ogre psychologist life message communication with artists.. Getting grandiose exhibition with Elita Patmalniece, Laine Kainaize, Aigars Zemītis, Lolita Onckule, Elga Grīnvalde, Jolanta Lamstere participation.

                  Paris. I am welcomed by artists Astrīda and Pēteris Čivļi. We have cycle in Paris. "Pa pēdām aizejot. Parīze" / "Gone following footsteps. Paris." Its walkthrough, footstep marks, I really realized.

                 Actually artists are one of rare ones in this life game, who complement our reality, transferring images in it from own world-fantasy and experience world and viewer or in other words time partner is in self present rethinking, at same time art is message to future. All of us experience our lives as art work, but only artists near lives artisticism. Meet with yourself, that is my wish to viewers.

         My meeting with self also happened in high school corridors Rīga Education management high school and Latvia University. Special thanks to Ilze Briška for tolerance and professional ratings and aesthetics professor Anspaks, who created solution for my depression and self destructive conceptual mystics and in my master work defense he said following artist has to be given already two degrees in art and pedagogy. Motivation, pride, but you have to be born as artist over all, in end.

Section 8
NIKLAVS BEIKERTS writes
                  I am born talented everyday and kept, but false hope and hollow faith drained my skills as many other humans. I was not accepted by Latvia society, foreign societies were not aware of me. Now it feels almost as if I do not belong in any society, I belong in few communities. Empire, alliance, religious communities. Some of my emotions are not of life anymore. It seems as we do not have much, but we do. We have beginning of peace and unity, and joy, and fun, and end has great rewards. Those who ascended and God, and maker, creators - love us. Many know the times that I awaken now. I may be far beyond of many of your times. Correct assurance is never too great. I did not make this website to teach a group of people, I also created it teach many to recover from any past reflection now - to be original. And bad past reflecting into today. For better or worse. I find solutions, I do not object much about today. My body grew precisely fast. I think the last thing humans should do is to leave food and sex behind. My life work is everything. I prevailed mind test cast upon us by ourselves in past future.. Some missed and all sent back.

                 I am always patient and happy until I was introduced to digital world more and more bringing me nothing, but misery from those products bothering movement of real products. There was nothing left, but to lose time as they watched every step. Of course I had my demons in lives - one of the worst ones. Always wishing to trap you, cannot decide, "endless" war nearing extinction of hope with only faith remain who believe future is in past. And had angels coming bringing endless neutrality, shallow senses nearing extinction of faith with only hope remain who believe past is in future. While demons drain within and angels drain outside, but always rushing. While those two are still just wondering parts of creatures by souls in gleam of world. Earthquake between all cosmos ends and beginning eruption of hearts.. I found God through spirit and I know it is here and now! While were having little of joy. Struggling inspirations. And part of him has been here with me for a long time, but we all cannot go back anymore.. All that energy buried beneath us and we keep flying unprepared. We grow by it down or up. Earth is conversion of universe or in other words whole world of which we are great part of.. We grew by fire on, in this world, cosmoses, universe - from within to out, out to within, without to out, out to within and we fell in endless sleep so there is the credit. Now awake only out and together. Fake anyway makes ugly somewhere. To many Earth is a myth, especially mindless. I always subconsciously saw future to most things within presence. It's time we see the ends and how it has been inflicting on us to clear our vision for future..

                  I live in one of the most disturbing places, but I kept passing on. I have many dreams. I like to do special things, write poems, rhythms, stories, engineering. Any bad thing flows into my sound world, spreads and purifies. One day I will start to sink with my philosophy into constellation of maps of things by my memorial sparkles. I may seem as life dynamics and style perfection, but I am not alone. Theory is just future. Most of future and past are a myth where there is gravity, don't fight it alone. Heavenly world mirroring everything. I'm surprised of astronauts surviving with such fragile weight.. I would stare at homework, suppressing dreams just to remember to dream. One day I will travel too. Was in luck for utter love. I was creating work everywhere gladly before attractive.

Section 9
Stability, instability, consistency, inconsistency

1. You can use our website to commerce your own original, unique marketable products. We get 20% for sale. You will need to have PAYPAL account since that is where you will get paid once it gets sold. You will have to freely, vividly trust us and deliver product to us first so it is ensured that it gets sold properly as the buyer is found.
 
2. We also offer to paint, draw anything for you. Anything you would like to have as painting, drawing in your view. Describe in detail what sort of painting, drawing you would like us to paint, draw. Or draw, paint incomplete example yourself and we will completely create it for you and ship it once you review it.
 
3. You can visit us to create songs (beyond "studio" quality - real time) for free. Or paint with lessons for price.

4. We can build a website for you.



Contact us if you want or need any of the six services mentioned.

36.Give starsRequired to answer. Rating. 

37.Give heartsRequired to answer. Rating. 

38.Give trophiesRequired to answer. Rating. 

39.Your nameSingle line text. 
Enter your answer

40.Contact numberSingle line text. 
Enter your answer

41.Email addressSingle line text. 
Enter your answer

42.Additional requestsMulti Line Text. 
Enter your answer

Section 10
Sales
Collecting country raw materials up to 5 liters
Unique art storage facility
Over 100+ local paintings by V.B. for three million dollars altogether, cheapest is 5 thousand 
Meanwhile I can grab some Latvian algae or prepare anything you want.
Message your raw material, - type, place. Except rocks.
100$ for any 5 liters of raw material --- would?


+371 22826039
Track shipping:
https://parcelsapp.com/en/freight-tracking


Courtipsy Jose, 1st edition
https://www.amazon.com/Courtipsy-Jose-Embryo-1st-ebook/dp/B0C39HXN6W/ref=tmm_kin_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=&sr=
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0C3F312PB


                                                                                                                
PAYPAL H.D. donate and I will giveaway
Orders payment enforced by USA federation
secured CEO assured
                                                        
                                                        Hand picked flowers
                                                         https://www.jdoqocy.com/96117qgpmgo3544C6D56535988CDC6

Section 11
Stories

43.Single line text. 
TAT... It was not for clothing the transfestit, but destroying or making it more of own on. Not giving slightest chance of survival to guess about surprise. A huge plain seratnonin, but none. Neither it was planned. Thus pedophiles were no different than transfestites to him. 
To part of human dinosaurs made no sense because there was humming sound before. Plus was still black taranchula made by matrix which made cars. Neither T was a cross. Abuse loves deprecation. Deprecation knows abuse. Thus if plain is for.

    Japanese book
Tukilaaaa, uiopeeeeleee, anj, jna tu rakiqsti, s , s , s tepevelekelseje, tavanamana, sev , sev, lazzzzxxcy ylda, atrna, pavarubitja, firstu, ti , s ,s, s, trdkla, truakdlanmans, jesele, last, las, tattarartjatrklshsniji\!? PIDAR! Niklasjihni, nichivo sibje, ja rabatoshajish, tak, sa, sa, as, as,
 robies, mana, teklitka,
no has
asa algorithm last chimpa c++ good restraint isibakasujwante www, has growl yalot ynatgasyna , evesene, slampa! ; (! CUM FART WHITES NO SQUEEZE, jeblasnaca black canca, jisinina, ata,
Enter your answer

44.Single line text. 
Cup of coffee
Thought there be saying that it is not sensible or candle table, even though any that dreamt.

                                                                    Misleading farewell
 His tone felt like he will ask from within out of ounces of marijuana that one's rhythm will be his, but turns out he lost his way of levels, anchors and crosses. Without knowing these impacts someone was looking for a game to play, later on that same One day last play was to say "We did it, come at us", but within was just a normal advertisement to go for because that never was. Again those did not find them, but have 'orchestra'. Impossible to survive, feeding Vikings.

 The unstoppable existence
                                   Therefore has deeds turned into reality, but finding poetry.

Enter your answer

45.Single line text. 
 Unprepared guest -5/10/2023 9:53 PM 10 degrees Celsius all day
                                Wool. People got heavy on drugs nor it was meant to be prepared nor it is for people because bad ones informatively, industrially were the first with money publishing diversifying of a loss of word being pride and more, but so much being of two differences there was no telling by The Other (Gray?) that the natural adaptive, nominal energy always pointed north even on thermometer and had vice reaction on everything after as for example on good acid in smoke, but food was forever, something in beginning and nowadays was missing. Which would be their experiments? Forgotten, always. Difference between bullet nor thief or making. With earning from evil which is always present for everyone and is with anyone no one thought that would miss a sledge coming back home. Question of sizes though, - to be or besides some. Transgenders heal others by will of a spirit, so some thought with agreement on quickest way of really being there "If you need something then say, if you don't then fight". A breath in apocalyptic time. Alpha and omega -  
I am a flower tip. 
Am a flower tip.
With lots of grass beneath me.
Lots of grass beneath I.
Then the sleep came well.
Enter your answer

46.Single line text. 
   Unfortunate love
        You do not show or give disabled person nor chance nor ability to buy variety of aggregated condoms or condoms that have been chemically changed, nevertheless, clicking buttons or presenting with a slippage on MQL code monitor. Meat got dry like it got steamed inside boiling water like smoked potato liquid thus mold grew. Home's whole chain, no matter what as long as you can and are. While hearting surroundings, getting smarter. There is not a single reason for that, - though. Warcraft. Beauty. Spite. Measurement. Analogy. Stairs. "A pity from cow titty made horseradish." How am I gifted being asked. The answer was simple - from library or just from in memory. Not even technologies stood chance. Mentally sued over aged and cooperatively plus the same hand lust. Out of all enemies the only thing would be just deprecating either heart or mind. Acting as root. Knight drug thugs. Personal money pressure taking.

      Inconsistence
Explosive primary grenade. Man's Pointing out of points, out of points. Has no density on what metaphor or term practice is, but perceive chopping money being still right, alright. Something slow hit itself saying that finally figured what they said not what she or he said.
Enter your answer

47.Single line text. 
 TAT... It was not for clothing the transfestit, but destroying or making it more of own on. Not giving slightest chance of survival to guess about surprise. A huge plain seratnonin, but none. Neither it was planned. Thus pedophiles were no different than transfestites to him. 
To part of human dinosaurs made no sense because there was humming sound before. Plus was still black taranchula made by matrix which made cars. Neither T was a cross. Abuse loves deprecation. Deprecation knows abuse. Thus if plain is for.

                                                                           Japanese book
Tukilaaaa, uiopeeeeleee, anj, jna tu rakiqsti, s , s , s tepevelekelseje, tavanamana, sev , sev, lazzzzxxcy ylda, atrna, pavarubitja, firstu, ti , s ,s, s, trdkla, truakdlanmans, jesele, last, las, tattarartjatrklshsniji\!? PIDAR! Niklasjihni, nichivo sibje, ja rabatoshajish, tak, sa, sa, as, as,
 robies, mana, teklitka,
no has
asa algorithm last chimpa c++ good restraint isibakasujwante www, has growl yalot ynatgasyna , evesene, slampa! ; (! CUM FART WHITES NO SQUEEZE, jeblasnaca black canca, jisinina, ata,
Enter your answer

Section 12
Be my pledge
https://www.patreon.com/DAFRAYAL
He went mad perceiving as much pattern, periods, context as possible, as, if, except that periods psychology addiction, build up or mental illness were never mentioned ontologically. Winston history of "papa prapal" TV show.
What is wrong with everyone's supermarket head?
Information technologist is complete failure unless from biblical literature you are doing 1/10 of the job. He would question biblical literature, you'd disappear, meaning as good faith than naming intelligence of dark matter having no aggregation and really once happens that does not happen next time, but is almost the same. Cold is fake. If someone cried, cries so much it's inside them. I'd have fun recording just for myself. Waging, having no interest in point In time. Be my pledge.
Nick B. being as of t only one currently making content worldwide exceptionally breaking rope of mind which it is, but is not, knowing better than communicating with someone by then. At least that security made disbelief to anyone that is not me. He has no tonsils due to surgery which then again is not for singing which makes it their lawsuit! I heard birds chirp, just in the dark, found guilt by themselves, not forgotten, then I did not.
     You are you, You cannot write anything wrong. Best thoughts come from outside, best appliance comes from writing. You are experienced, you are attitude. Question mark, 1. sin. Question mark, 2. quartz.
  To my obedience architecture and structuring is everything, please do not contact without effort. Please do not try to synonymize, antonym those things generally.
  If you make a company then you are full of loans and do not even know that all that is in debt as owner.
Metal influence users through computation communication aggregated. You have to lose interest on ideal greediest place in time of perfection. Attendance influence pretending in defense off fear of child to make yourself at home idiot. I said. Let less connect supposed in pain. Alright.

Section 13
Rhetoric physics

The institutions --- The Big So!
Offline, but wait until it loads.
[https://direct-link.net/378257/dafrayalcom]

Get Started - Stellar 
https://www.stellar.org/start#for-anchors

Look a stream
Supermarket

Smacked CEO!
Nick Bye
https://www.linkedin.com/dafrayal/
Business account

Finally the future of gaming
https://www.idsoftware.com/en-gb

Seat rabbit mirrored catcher YOUTUBE dead

FLAC and ARM formats were tel'i'd to be the best by a time teller
FLV video format is related to open source and Fruity loops, and Video LAN, but pick mostly that out of all. 
FLAC https://link-center.net/378257/amr-audio-formatting
AMR https://link-target.net/378257/adaptive-format-for-all
Because they were inputted, GET IT!

What is this? Technology or mechanism?
https://direct-link.net/378257/we-do-not-know-about-the

Fitness training
https://link-center.net/378257/them-has-acetone-meanwhi

Linking pyramid
https://publisher.linkvertise.com/ac/378257

Market pyramid
https://etoro.tw/3FWd4Bs

Exchange pyramid
https://link-target.net/378257/best-due-broker
                                                                   
Fellowship pyramid
https://link-center.net/378257/its-the-most-beautiful
                                                             


The spam is what changes and context is better becoming O than waged. Insanities of computation, where people ghost stories starred. Best part is we're here in Warsaw waiting for Advertisement or Nail. While so called Jah...
Trapped between money and human, why, if it stands and I am not rich then how am I not part of.
The closest figure to science is "racism" and "nationalism".
If you try to get pigment for cucumber it won't taste like cucumber because something's missing. Not a behavior. It's land!

Section 14
Asimov 1.
In distribution no one really has a computer just to make fun of everything. Neither would a  kid know what telemetric is and as embarrassing as it has been made, it still is being grown into pandemic faces just to keep up. Handful of tools of global technicians with supermarket storage when your greenhouse runs out either of alcohol or gas having a remark in blind propellant psychology glycose where endpoint is doing it anyway off of feminine. Restoring validity. Of course to me it also was about something else, nobody tells you what you really think or where anything is. "Stranger in paradise", but speaking of place or position which are what they are - those things are incorruptible. Maybe it is how people notice to cast away value around. Food is the greatest aggregation forming man kind till your room runs out of meat You would start drinking energy drinks just about almost being fearsome liquid poisoning. I faith not undetermined meaning - "If there's something better, stronger, deeper, longer, taller it is not, because you have not loved it", again - turning to psychology. Breaking ropes by sins, greed. Greed has separated from sins and not on its own, nobody knew what to do with that, same of days that have been power consumed. As if anything would work by.
These are remarks that keep people still and actually remarks the whole history of even coming to an age of thinking when were asking what do librarians really wish for. To be happy, I guess. Other than that may as well been the whole validity. Neither acid is yellow, neither it is not, but to that I'd ask to think what you believe you are to find every step of what's being there to an are, nevertheless a oracle factor for anyone's past. "I stand every second, I loose count". 

Section 15
Asimov 2.
America was profound from memory diligence meaning - held. Never follow their media, work is great effort, but trigger is going to lead you effortlessly.
Psychological Science within a Three-Dimensional Ontology - PubMed (nih.gov)
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/29234965/
Some find themselves thinking of which truth is it while people come to assume to a candle emptying alone turning into truths without flooring. Speaking of candle, challenging nerves every second of a night, when you had to. In addition to that there to even be major agreements for example to mow grass or not to mow grass, but of course majority would agree not to mow grass which leaves us at few sweats in a paradise of a Yet, but by second not too late to the not knowing ones. Hunt for Weed, disc flew made mickey mouse famous and do what you want with finance. How do we come to lose ambitious observation. Memories, silence. Just because that happens to defy king's gift  beginning or end specifically...Would be the same as a thief hurrying out of everything if everyone knew there's a return and returned, but the one supposedly to be an act for blue inactions closing and opening, and, so, just, because it is that way secretly due to a statement, amendment for inaction, and misconduct just because they think that "time will tell" like child print saving. 
There is no astrology or mechanism nor sign of God yet it is sexism like weed or shouting "woohoo!" and next thing You would do is align with the gifts of nature, but not gone. 
Then again if a code was broken by not sacrificing where, supposedly, things were to happen like "Last of us". 
            "Words come to surprising facts, but when they do they usually are not even close to truth". Many have played "World of Warcraft" computer game by the fact that glass is not even part of planets interior. Meanwhile a Gemini horoscope that aggregates its speech onto survival of a cat? I had to buy a new computer next year once that happened. 
The businessmen that do the - where the rock is there where you practice what you preach which is good. Except that preaching what you practice would end into psychology which then would take example off "forbidden character" which wasn't taught or genetically marked inside, because when you just did what it is then it is You who did it not the "forbidden character.", "not existent".
You would be the hardest manner to fight, same reason it is not mentioned or done what others do. Girls love bitches and motherfuckers, drivers tall, wrong psychotherapy. Shorts say - "to come to terms or manner which is I".
What to eat off of shows - psychological book this is. Thy turn. King tired gun, selfishness. Steal money or sing song or math over fights which is every equal sign, my destined baby!
Amendment that plus unsealed despies only close tech inact oysters. King's Remote Control.
  I did not finish reading it.

Section 16
Before judgement
Evolution. Architecture. Blocking.
Generation. Household. Entropy.
Federation grandmas infant and semen de-registration, dis-protection. Denotion and historical relation dishonor. Governmental personification to oneself disaster, Armageddon and disambiguation. Population mischief kills psychos and in-mated. Dis-perception. Planned to retrieve and protect due to beginning protected or not, registered or not to return or destroy.
Joe Biden Truth or false. Just doing it. Counts for all levels. Lie of scientific joint. Add biblical Microsoft
Forensics architectural salting. Subconsciousness spite conduct. NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration
You cannot bypass first subjective to military determination, having none whatsoever plus thinking of less dribble.
Bill Gates Microsoft You do not trigger undeveloped countries. Not wage about it at all. There's a roadmap. A better envelope maybe and not a perhaps like Ice on mushrooms. Example - How Africa even has different languages as if that is handmade onward. I definitely learned and knew as a young person that "If you do not know it all, do not develop". Let computer think still despises and even to let the indigious. Chief executive, one planet, none taken. Sounds weird. You learn for fun if you can afford it, no one knows better than You, yet. You believe in future, there is none if someone cuts roadmap as righteous as imagined at a time, if there is a past, there is none. Someone doubts and corrects it. None of your coins.

  Every category we know nowadays Is someone usually abusive. Someone that asks why for example is looking for perfection depends on direction. Short periods help you remember, depends On. Keeping that in mind it only goes as far as flag color from end to start, start to end.
NASA for example is using a lot of ontology and dimensio

Section 17
"Latin bouncer"

          Inequity of people collectively triggering superstition just because there are no points in life and assume that You do. If you really wanted to know, you'd learn that superstition had people pay for well being, but keeping to self or just between us it is a chain reaction of bound and unbound things. Same reason it gets harder to jump or bounce to a point, because unknown is real and helps deter the fact that there's a bad mechanism. Meanwhile there's nothing to understand if you're promised for grants. To me every miracle was a provoked history, don't know what it does to headspace once shown. Here's a joke - when librarian created word nothing it, it actually captured it, same one that understood it, so, yes it is an oracle, but consequence is never zero or one. Figured out that being the reason why people are challenged and world had regimes if it is corrupt or aligned then it's bad, but then again what is alignment or corruption in or out which... Nowadays you see less of beauty with beauty. 
"The complete robot" book had lots of hidden annihilation where he was not sticking to the subject and changing manner, terms. I globally would have lost way as if it was a hope to speak of if I finished reading it. Annihilation is just what it is to Your globe. Speaking of alcoholic control red speech.
  Aggregation is not psychology. Girls are where vouching comes from. A day of "yeses" Island psychology which is concrete Islam, a tale of a hedge. You'd know better. She said "No", without an why, cause I said it which she did not, cause we do not go in same school, I do not even go to pigeon schools.
Mechanically nothing is different, aggregatively impossible, but not even switch should make difference, now method that's what you'd discuss with professors if personally does not burn you out. Virtual is technical personal disaster off grabbed design too. Overall of my ability - exterior. If difference is made - keeps you out of looks.

Section 18
Check agency
Using calculator off cheque barcode for payback, but we never knew and there's no Intel how mech. So replacement policy meanwhile. I myself got lucky number at postal office 9/10 almost everytime

Section 19
Terminology
! : . , <> / ? \
History in comparison aggregatively makes no difference. History is equivalent study in combination. Is especial/forth coming for impaired. Guess examples. Like - sexuality. Functionality. Statement. Fiction. Frog.

Section 20
Science
Introduction
Continuous learning without remembrance. Unavailable. Mosaic, puzzle. Load of alphabet. 

It is just to recognize order of Latin letters which evolve into methods and other things. It is pointless to use them in linguistics without matching. Picking the source of knowing, picking anyone.
Now in "cryllic" script fashion you would not call it an alphabet. Demographically or such. Also it stands on meaningful node jealousy, before and after.
If you ever read an article, surely anything must be made to be recognized fully, but it must be put down to one thing.
Density of things does not change the fact of who we are, neither most of metal combinations in combination are helpful. 
"The reason for making history is in fact like fossil aggregation." Fossil - Intensive impact for testing. And alike.
Point is anything, but - nothing.
"That which froze in liquid is despicable!" - Are you sure? Yes.


  To naturally develop brains and assort animal extremities.

1. Must be played with and cared for after us "Humans" and ancestor dinosaurs! 

2. Fed appropriately to cell consistence of every wilderness exhibited food with raw appliance as on own! 

3. None as if.

 Earth's ever flowing. "Zion waving"

If Earth span counter-clockwise would our "Home" clocks also be turned upside down? Nucleus is the problem. Never ta-waked.

See example -


Mystic attacks. "Umbrella reader"

If little deaths and livings as current cosmic leaning created, there's no room for riding or invalidity, disability. The color's still exponent to non toxification, non aired, non greening.

See example -


Getting used to change, exchange. "Bipartisan"

Without work or progress there's nothing for a child to permanently get used to. Bloods under skin, bones stimulus to hormones. Theories the homo assembly.

See example -


Undermining space in a frozen picture. "Apple taint"

Yet none foresaw any change or dilemma unknown would discover, but that is open for discussion. Ignoring synonyms, rhythms. Earth's not for games, but some things turn that around.

See example -

Upheld-Tanzania. "Idiot Rich"

No Matter What Was Said, Built, Done It Is About Featherless Ogre And Whore Puss-dynasty. If you stepped on whore you wouldn't pee, if it was inside you'd puke. Fault.
"Cut out pictures of those who they kill and hide in the dinches" - Miguel Collins, Sizzla Kalonji -- "How long". Other than that I got news for you, all's new. Like Japanese anime, work for years, published despite thyself. Unremovable. Echoes of saying turn into joke.

See example -


Section 21
Ways to think
Friday, September 6, 2019

1. 1 Thinking
What you cannot do is lower pulse to your brain while standing. Or breath less. Each has light in dark it is your choice do you open it or not. Each is part of one sparkling in brains to close, open, together to speak to your own world. Each is part of one of atom. There are dots, waves, lines, triangles, rectangular, circles, approx. and the way we think is approximate.
Start by imagining and writing to find yourself, your core will start opening parts. Introduce yourself to being. Mind protons fade to have unique neurons. Unique neutrons is that we have a choice.
First thing is to call, second is to listen.
11/6/2018 A time will come when all have to listen and then call.
If you lose something overgrow it as to over experience it too.
If you're empty - without vision, without peace, without  If you're in mess - heal body.
Close your eyes and dream.
Open your eyes and be.
You must not see to concentrate your focus.
You must not be to focus on concentration.
Do not see while not moving eyes to memorize, but to jump.
Cored thoughts to memorize at once when how, why, when, is.
Seek assistance from wise.
Use surroundings in to out.
Thinking is symbolic, build your symbols.
Spend money on knowledge whenever oneself is ready.
Two things teachers should teach children in school - freedom, way to think.
There is traditional, spiritual, soulful, artistic, mental, moral ways to think.
Moral being a lesson from past which stayed in your head or got passed on.
Mentality being your minds abilities separate.
Then of course there is the political, militant, industrial, social ways people think.
Most acceptance inside people leads to denial when they face a highly open person, which is truly accepting, but most important thing is to be correct anyway, anyhow.
Many things side-copied today when you go in a store it’s as if you’re looking at “promised fair graves” besides sneakers there is pair of army boot. Almost as actors in movies side-copying from manuscript.
If you do not know math, how will you know how to pick up an object. If you do not know literature, how will you know how to put down an object that's what kindergarten is for.
People should start reading only when they reach 23 - 24 years of age. They can read dictionary before that.

Section 22
People have to write their whole life.
For example: Possession has a brother it is called thief with bait forming greed and a sister with sister forming third called pain and a cousin with companion forming corruption called lag and a friend with enemy forming unity called pervert and god with ally forming judge called killer or salvation
For delicate mind and birth you also need to detalize perception by that what others have learned and discovered throught that discovering yourself when you nail that detailized perception in memory of others you still gain unique atoms, which will anyway randomize in years creating unique. Yes I always correct, that is my core - correcting to root. As cells remain deeper, harder to break oneself. The plan of full soul
Since no one is helping you even thought you help them by 100%, they just keep


How long will people originate their minds, for what cost? For what cost, because there is a hole, discovered or not it is to be filled and prepared for.


Short term memory forwarding, but high discovery and in peace we learn to forward backwards, which is necessary only in our minds

Categorizing mind is first thing you should learn, because then in any disturbance you can just neutralize everything around at least by creating humming sound inside.

If scary movies scare you. You have not died righteously or conscious wish to kill you unrightously. Librarians are stupid unrightously. It is in subconsciousness - that fear. Even if environment is consciously scary only because death for humans is limitless while having that surprise. Fear stays in subconsciousness. Tosho.

Don't look in others eyes if you are single, no ones too much. Because for 2019 years most are false readers, observers up to today technology. Really if you wasn't loved by everyone, anyone, don't look at anything, don't look further than your nose, but you can look at everything.


Started writing on OCTOBER 5th, year 2018
Updated SEPTEMBER 8th, year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS

Section 23
Literature
 Humans relate most pronouncement to Latin alphabet.
 And mistaken synthetics for chemicals
While other human civilizations in cosmos have almost all the same languages, but different meanings. This civilization is not that modern, more shredded and incorrect than modern, but about that you can read in other blog posts. We may be the only civilization because of science out there.

1. 1 Letters

A - NIKLĀVS BEIKERTS: Strut is balance. 60 Degrees usually defines opposite to cosmos. Almost as perpendicular, isolated triangle, a line barring passage to it from creativity. It shows that sky is limit and chosen are taken, shows that there is no end to cosmos. Or that there is? Sign of prayer, vitality, strength, relief, sharpness, limits. Pronounces as simple breath out. VITA BEIKERTE: Beginning, begins infinite subject with infinite materials
B - NIKLĀVS BEIKERTS: As Allah. Separating two similar things. Head being smaller than body. It is missing same, but only shifted side to its vertical. VITA BEIKERTE: Circled and fertile.
C - VITA BEIKERTE: Road, beginning in spiral.
D - VITA BEIKERTE: Places power and wrath, flow.
E - VITA BEIKERTE: Youth vitamin.
F - VITA BEIKERTE: Two bound, to form one vertical.
G - VITA BEIKERTE: Honored Christ pain as wakening for world.
H - VITA BEIKERTE: Chameleon.
...
... these were written and destroyed unfinished to here

1. 2 Literature is exactly as operating

Section 24
Before you give birth
Female has to get really relaxed and has to eat exactly the same generally to take pain by force anyway equally, remember too much food can be harmful, things that male does for example coconut oil for 2 weeks and bread drink 12 hours before
Unless it is white male and black female, male should come first.
Only amount of eggs will make the difference of sexes
Quantum does put rectum fertility inside semen storage, but we can do it ourselves alive.
Male has to stick a branch inside his penis hole for a little while, rub balls in light brown moist fecal and good watery urine after that blow off ice cold water on your testicles. You can put saliva as it becomes luscious and sticky from running too much on your balls, but saliva is basically for God. You can also put herbal teas and keep them on. do this everyday till our limbs, hips change. And you can put male sperm and female cum in eyes, but who do you want to see first and before birth or after and at what ages your children would be if after. You want to dream consciously and find out about her? You put her cum in eyes. You mix up parent cum and sperm when your children are 2-11 years old, 2019 and rub in parent eyes everyday till you feel like you are done. When children are 14-25 its time to do it for children eyes with parents cum and sperm separately for daughter and son in mist of same age realizing their differences you mix parent cum and sperm together again and rub in their eyes, still in mist of same ages they have to rub their own sperm and cum in their eyes, but not together. Now you should know should your daughter cousins and son cousins are ready to be together with complete, correct, grown chemistry in place. If they are, they should repeat the same order, but never sons and daughters together unless its known for sure. Rub in eyes in small amounts. Mark your face as soldiers do with mud with it.
(About rubbing cum, semen, sperms in eyes will be corrected later, -1% tired today - lots of suckers today. 9/7/2019. Had correctly completely written about it on 7/30/2019 -- the order may currently be incorrect)
Soil - nature will kindly take its rear advantage and aside historical technologies. If you poop cum out, put it under penis tip skin. Put tears and rain in tip of penis. Ear tar is very fertile so put it all over and inside penis tip too. Do not eat sperm ever. Drink your own urine. And male has to have his waters go down. Try to sleep on back with your legs in crouch position every night, so that your testicles keep sperm cool as much as possible. You will understand force by sleeping on back. This is path to find out the birth to cure HIVS / AIDS.
 I realized this as my waters went down by accident.
 Having my semen storage, bile, stomach, adrenaline gland stabbed or shot all through and choking my penis before ejaculating three times as warmth went down in such raw way i lost my horny feeling few days or same day after stabbed or shot.

Section 25
 You should not masturbate till you reach approximately 25 years of age this amount will lower by evolution. We as to today - HUMANS.
 I did masturbate before I got approximately 25 years old, I was ruined, sheered, missed by someone showing it to me at 8 years of age which is 2 years before you even could do it as male born in current society evolution, I wasn't producing sperm yet, but felt orgasm. So my view is underestimated today while seen by all, because I do understand. Or do I not trans-gender government? - Maybe you should masturbate as male being originally white at 10 years of age same for 8 year old females except black. Now I am 24 years old and can't do it for 5 years unless it's to mark myself an our female first and afterwards still would have to wait at least 5 years and study myself, but life is so precious that I would give conceive with female now, after all, timely life with struggle, caching romance is era radical though many facts today are not relative with struggle and romance those two are yet to come through vibes, cheating grace was never the way for any milestone / beginning.
If you think penises are sensitive, then you should check your rump out up to upper chest with lungs, nerve wrap, middle of lower belly. Lets not talk about back of the head and lips, those are very sensitive.
I guess I only feel points of love.

2. 2 Lifestyle
16 years old is an age where you define your endurance to upcoming.
Perhaps you can break last ribs by spine, have your cross-bone move out with balance bone. Have your top of head cracked open a little bit, having your blood fade off becoming light thinker swift life, beautiful for a while. Get hit in top of nose, bottom of forehead by katana. Which would show other signs of your location and orientation. Case of nature kept unnatural. Giving God child humans magic by sending it through graveyard, multiple times, so which is the ability?

It's nice to have hardly received a lot of money and be qualified to help people in live. Shame on militant females. Ehene.

All had a new start, guess new, re-cheating creatures / other civilizations call it "flashed" - Adam and Eve, not knowing and not having, meaning a whore or deserving one -- which is good. What does it mean for some human to stumble on ancient writings before our beginning over or new beginning not knowing, not knowing what is written there and, so before. In this case our God within air is weak, having to lead us through the heavier land than air itself.
And now years of BC?-2019 all being incorrect and hidden and untold especially 0-2019 year there is no policy violation in public generally, but still are in society. A purpose told in "PLANET EARTH - 2.2 MONEY"
While that being known and "read" by me. I'm sure that I have not any policy violation in public and society at low levels, even in small amounts, because only worthy understand by completely correctly rocketing those "ancient earrings", so what does that make others who communicate with spirit and new, re-cheating / other civilization creatures or do not communicate directly, either way. I am atomically gifted thingy in terms of "coriander" not "function". I see how others have proven their "function" - unwell. They knowing how to bore.

Dropping 0.5 cup with spoon spinning right - I do

Ashsha

Section 26
3. 1 Girls
Girls lose their minds if they are not appreciated and if they are they start to fear you, when most men choose beautiful girls, you share the most, you command the most, but i am that beautiful girl then
CAW!!!
Nju tatad klausas
Es gribetu ar tevim runaties ka mes pirmoreiz ka atbrauci biezak man tai domasanas zina palidz
Ka vispar juuties tagad?
Man jastaiga uz dienas centru
Es izrotaju istabu
Tapeec ka man vislaik saap, no bernibas jau esmu piedzivojis visa veidu sapes.
Vai esi mana otraa sauliite?
Es tevi miilu
Tu gribetu zvejot ka neskiet vairs tik aizraujosi nekas? Un kempingot ar
Dosu tev skaistus milus dieva berninus





Started writing on JULY 14ah, year 2018
Updated SEPTEMBER 8th, year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS

 Mathematics
Even complex mathematics mostly are positive
1250 Lighting strikes in WASHINGTON state within 3 hours
https://www.msn.com/en-us/weather/topstories/washington-state-lightning-strikes-1250-recorded-within-three-hours/ar-AAGYiYy?ocid=spartanntp

1.1 Switching neutrons


Each negative is doubled
So if 990/-1 = -1984 = 1982 = 3
Righteousness and order isn't the most important thing always until we settle
Recreation is the best for receiving number of linear information.
Continuum is the best for receiving number of bound information.
Ignore momentum and gain more consciousness
Glacial force protect our skin
Don't stress your minds literal or mathematical to begin with it is

Started writing on JULY 14ah, year 2018
Updated MARCH 23rd, year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS



Section 27
Planet EARTH
It formed in air creating a God for humans. Not because air is small and makes big good things happen as ants, but because


1. 1 Kingdom
Of course asians lived longer, they killed us all in future, that's why they knew things, they had lots of peace


As when we lived with advanced civilization together then one spoke of strength. And still we prayed to quantum


No one has ever followed laws of physics you're in since Jesus there was war between those two. Don't ask me why on anything.
They say me found of old human skull changes evolution science, but from their perspective - not life, they have to trash life
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/technology/the-finding-of-the-oldest-human-skull-changes-evolution-science/ar-AAGXhC0?ocid=spartanntp#image=AAGXhC0_1|2
1. 2 Belief
They know God, need a fighter, always remember, it is last faith, first hope
Like to watch blues


It's as having a bright day and it slowly fades away, at high rate you start forgetting those days, the bright day, reality turns into dreams and they fade away too as if reality would be transfered. As seeing your presents under a buffet, but next day everyone tells you there was no toy train under buffet.
You can be stone, metal, wheat in a way you share today




2. 1 Society
How I proved to kill everyone on and Earth itself and were still alive, better, different journey to start a journey is over. Which prevented asians for putting extinction on different humans



Section 28
2. 2 Money
Tell me what is new
over all and about you! Me does not yet care how you feel. May care for your
emotions, but emotions usually are from certain simple things. Prove me that you
are not as others. Only solution is that everyone publishes in one
place their art, theories, facts. Work with their inner worlds. So that everyone gets their share and know
latest to raise their creativity even more, find out who is retarded, evil, can or not be saved. Until together all is in balance and not. There's place for everything that will always be correct. Those who would not study, discover, create, make - those are builders from which we can find evil
too. Pointed guns at builders. All who pretend without manifest - liars, false
will leave. As long as money will keep existing there will be total end to most beings. Most were born to disrespect
socially, assume and accept, and to think industrially. Words are being made wrong way so that no one else, but some humans would help us. There will always be missing letters and it is called act, that's the magic. Controversy against money is solution. 

Do math, only
killing otherwise. "Most mumble along" when further back it goes where they
made sense and many at the end still mumbled thus they were fake and died. Earth is not place for most, but lazy and evil ones so it seems. All really seems as a joke. Who never complete what they started or create a mess and dig eternally deep into it. Money started by greed and trade. For emotions? No. To hide truth? No. Did they know it still is accepted for balance to find few humans. No. Money is not to preserve time. Money is completely irrelevant in me. You are considered rich with own chosen weight or money once you reach 100,000 dollars. Money is here to create as many lies as possible. Economics is based on betting. After not long after money was created those humans understood to seek supremacy, higher ground, more money. All they still care about till this day. Imagine someone caring for toxic waste or breast feeding, mouth feeding dead born child, it's the same. And it is not to

Section 29
prepare yourselves "humans", earthlings or enemies. It is not to fulfill minds. It was to understand minds, expand worlds. Is it for love?
No. It was for hatred. For discovery, foundation, proving which all failed
except Me and few others, but not that most knew. Was it to set example? No. People give money for artificial and for lies and pay "leaders" and levels below, they pay ones with information. We cannot develop when most beings ruin, prevent, lie. Two things have been
gained cause of money - how to respond to lies and me, nothing else. Money continued cause of conflict. Scientists, governments, federations, agencies - do not care for knowledge! So they have killed all who are dead up to this day. Many dead after money. Ain't that good? That they get scared after such peaces of money, walking down streets. Some things are correctly built. Very few, but all is misplaced. You don't have to
prove none if one mind is trusted. Some are too weak to trust, to be honest and are no size. Money is fail in positive, negative, neutral math from zero to total - without positive and negative, and neutrality, many human neutrons are still as Africans resistances. Have some sense of space in time. I strongly think that we must use all military and sleeping gas and send everyone through checkup. Military goes through checkup before taking action. Or you can all sign up for settled age. Money takes time. Money is a newborn crawling back into mom vagina. When you purchase something, you do not own it. Have more fun? Ethics and isolation are all that blocks our communications, it is almost as ethics is all about style. There are no self views unless they are correct. Humans think they are worth as much as anything in trade that is why there is money. Look at money from above and top you will find out that it is most of what is wrong today. Money is a copied thing. People have asked to see more over learning that's why there is money too. We have to pay money to have peace in mind, body. We have to pay money to struggle and then in this community, top of "food chain" inhabitants that which we have earned through struggle is taken by anything, anyone anyway because of money. Some always want more so they risk privately to maintain, restrain something that they don't longer need. Can't say that money found me, but I should be the end to it. 115~ is way too long, but as long as money stands bitcoin will stand 1 second longer. Stop going to your jobs, stop driving cars. It is up to civilians or in other words minorities too. Credit policy is that you borrow money and they pay back in more worthy things since they trust you by your credit history. They are used to being unconscious and not able to dig subconscious. Afraid to risk money. Again if money is strictly pushed at you either way it will become difficult for oneself to make decisions. 


Section 30
 The only thing that barely goes with the nature is money, what it causes. We live on this planet "Earth" which is mixed so to ease God work all that we can do is change most of what we have built on Earth and currently stand on, won't make God happier if we do anything else. We have to do completely correct on it. We only need to build all stable. Change bit what we can do. And we all will need my help. We should live by bases and have all differences built on earth and they fit in with two centers. Some people were told how to do things not long before territories were created and it was by humans at computers underground. So there are Bahamas and few other places. It is what you can see up here. Life has never been controlled as much as human life. After all money was to provoke correct mathematical power of love, what is love? But a big vibe with power. God was money, money is food and food is time. “Needs money to shout in hills to live on better”. “Ydrib doog! A bird falls and dog snatches it. Prison, prison, prison! Bird yells. Pushed cause, cause up! Dinosaurs died. Push down ass, ass in! Mystic summoned. Come out cave man! Happily.” “Rich with money narcomen said that there is no more money while there was still money.” “There was a pure narcotic / bacteria he ate neighbor and grew big by blowing wind on neighbor, neighbor starting eating narcotics by setting on fire narcotics, mother appeared and ate both of them, gave birth to them.”
No one has memory with money. Unsecure innovation. Undriven. Early afterwards. Testing obedience to liars. Oneself disguise from death to creation.
Egoism, fear of unknown relief against many other humans.
Backwards in the middle wronged have forwarded

You can utter pickle coins out of poops inside toilet cap trash paper tiny on giggles zebra reefer

Hardly earned home going through crisis, those sneaking rich retarded sperm suckers. The more evil from white is born forming sucked dead past of darkness on mission to be unclean.. While yall born unclean, do anything, but look it stopped you want boss back it all funny, td. Much of my scientific research, lyrics if with cause without experimental consequences gone



So why job when that job feeds cigarettes to job
Instead of letting whole man kind down by interrupting my dreams


Nobody knew, nobody knows
Player paper, paper player


Section 31
Black people created somewhat a trade, money, white people made it happen swiftly after that enslaved black people to try to make them stay silent, then there was the song "STEPHEN MARLEY - MADE IN AFRICA". The black people tried to scam silencer, but it squeezed them into scamming positions, still remain in deserved, desert land, good land inhabitants were too quick to judge. White man just learning again.

Kids think they can have designing programs with all materials objects inside to put together anything in real  life interactive or digital while having money, so there is game as ROBOCRAFT or such and other skinning games but it is impossible to have that with money, rage, dang.


I can tell you this, we are going to centralize without money after decentralization identifies few. There’s nothing else to find by it or communicate, trying to mess with still, thievery not replaceable.. Lost information can be found, but this cannot be returned. True words into building. One core, two centrals.

One is alive and all other are dead cause they do not kill all evil ones. So all are evil. Am living proof. Which one is it? Dark gelled up. How come passed. Will come 2019. 


Wrong



3. 1 Federation
sad it still is when it gets right people place something bad in middle of your life for BETTER OR WORSE as weak want to go back to hurt more always, very bad words i can say to those
People keep up today cause what happened is

Does registering and making business official mean that if they owe employees or clients they can be sued harder or their families get raped? It should.



4. 1 Agencies
The Gods will be at the end from best biologically limit naturally evolved by grace and strength humans and them to lead rest.
 It was not wars and our struggles with shields swords in gangs ever since belief or kingdom ages while those two being mixed up that collided our territories. No relation to stars. It was random to entertain Lords through which they gained some truths I suppose. Now everyone searching home. Now look at all the territories, not a single relation nation wise by our Sun time. Learning each person by atom - our beloved Sun. It is consciousness that will determine while war only brought shrine into force - the defining algorithms to our bodies with brains.



Section 32
5. 1 Government
What a terror it is when they say "silence is way to unity", when no one has anything to keep silent about. Unsettled going pony, comfy, dryly dramatically fries layer. Proclaimed authorities, little chances. I come, obviously one be. As more mafia is borrowed. Bunning more
But if government was to fall anytime soon scientists would stay unprotected, military would stay where they are. Government is based on soap. Without soap, military wouldn't care about knowledge that they buried. Things wouldn't fall in place. One and first project could save all invested in single zone. It is not spiritual pollution. It is simply population. Government started - in fury -- by soup negativity out to others and that soup negativity coming back to them, but they cannot do nothing cause of soap they have done.


Started writing on AUGUST 20z, year 2018
Updated SEPTEMBER 9oh, year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS

Technologies
Frequency higher is calculated by lower and lower is calculated by higher so heaven is human and hell is skies? No. It breaks rule of relativity by being turned around in twisty switch. Higher is higher and lower is lower and there's a dead creature god to prove it, dear dying, rotting Lord. No matter where you are at or/and in. Now when frequency is based on 0 - having no frequency at the same time with higher or lower, or with their switched relativity by false-positive hardware. Based on false, opening gates to parasites, who jump like frogs. Hell and heaven is same everywhere, while keeping the false-positively proven relativity of frequencies. The zero balances it every way by needed, but you do not want to have false-positive out of frames inside the zero frequency or outside. A hardware to prove that higher is higher and lower is lower is simpler than machine. It works with gravity, it's everywhere, but it is far from force. There's no such thing as false-positive unless in this case about frequencies only, where it truly is false-positive meaning false-false. It is false-negative, but simply false so negative-false.
It is year 2019 and it is time to write history about digital age, never been written, not a little bit. Not a single general project existed before radio communications, later on internet ruined it all. Environment meant for memory loses which was set aside from America.


A wrapping wrap of frequencies that produce nuclear power
A hole of outter space from which around igniting to produce fire
Computer system hardware that wraps itself in ice cold material




Started writing on NOVEMBER 6th, year 2016
Updated MARCH 23rd. year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS

Section 33
World

Analytics on Earth picture

1. 1 Elements, energies, spirit, souls, creatures, strength, force, dimensions, dynasties
Elements are light and dark
Originally light takes and dark gives, light is backwards, left. Dark is onward, right.
It does not matter where you are with elements, the movement is always the same
When there is light here and electricity moves where we call left hence dark moves back.
When there is dark here and electricity moves where we call right hence light moves onward.
When there is dark here and electricity moves where we call left hence there is Gods servant and neither move
When there is light here and electricity moves where we call right hence there is Gods servant and dark may move onward
Left light is faster in cosmos
Right light is slower in cosmos
Light is above on Earth
Light is under in cosmos
Dark is under on Earth
But we must look at it in biological way, we are dark inside, we see both, there is light outside.
Our mother dark.
Our father light.
Our father is light, our mother is dark, our companion is God, it is also our maker. Our ancestors came from God's servant that each dark is in, God's servant was first creation of life by God for each of twelve cosmoses.
Cosmos wouldn't be cold without light, light is what fuels it, there is no cold without light and thus why we have Earth too - elemental time is stopped, divided - liquids and electricity move them with beings on it.
Human body is biological marvel, mechanical wonder to complete.
Strength is path through cosmos to eternity to cosmos.
Creatures are combination of energies as fire, water, air, earth. And souls, elements. Fire is far ahead. So what is water and air and earth missing? They are missing companion for ignition. It is all buried underneath us and time is running out. Creatures are also combination of human, strength as so called abilities, skills, bodies themselves.
Spirit is creature that stands on its own.


Section 34
Souls are converted beings, dimension is where souls are trapped, spirit is here to save them. We all are part of them.
Without electricity there would be no air. Without thought there would be no fire. Without beings there would be no water. Without cosmos, light there would be no Earth. Without souls we wouldn't uncover. Without creatures we wouldn't stand with foundations. Without elements we would not exist. Without force there would be no unity. Air is strength. Fire is feeling. Water is emotion. Earth is sense.
The difference between spirit and heart is?
By speed:
1. Spirit
2. Human, strength
3. Souls
4. Creatures
5. Energies
6. Elements
7. Force
By priority:
1. Energies
2. Human, strength
3. Souls
4. Spirit
5. Creatures
6. Force
7. Elements

Dieying many times being alive same atomic time, worthy to kill and leave more behind 2/7/2019
Between that which blesses us doesn't really see us through all the time, only when we meet our end and the more do the higher chance of returning, but it's not going to happen, such return damages all a lot. So bless one to remove curse like I've tough


Female is building back the Allah devil. We has to play with it

Blue eyes seem so frozen and without life, that's because our start - pure emotional nature cached the blue eye feeling, it's when we also may have slain someone that really was just hiding its emotions.
But brown eyes?

As magnesium inside our bodies collides with mercury winds as we run with bare breath in setting sun, our huge bodies join with force that we start running faster than force, spirit, souls, quantum, dark.


Started writing on JULY 14ah, year 2018
Updated SEPTEMBER 7th, year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS

Section 35
Nourishments




1. 1 Vegetables
Chives species: allium genus
Acidic. Medium to strong pungency.
A, C, K vitamins and manganese, iron
Carrot species: daucus genus
Bitter sweet. Weak to medium pungency.
A vitamin
Potato
Fennel
Beet
Yams
Onions

1. 2 Fruits
Magnolia berry
Slippery Elm
Black walnut
Cauliflower
Pomegranate
Tart cherry
Chasteberry
Chick peas
Morus alba
Acai berry
Elderberry
Blackberry
Gooseberry
Pineapple
Raspberry
Wolfberry
Cranberry
Blueberry
Nectarine
Asparagus


Section 36
Jackfruit
Buckthorn
Tangerine
Hawthorns
Liquorice
Soybeans
Cherries
Cucumber
Barberry
Avocados
Broccoli
Gardenia
Shiitake
Aniseed
Guarana
Almonds
Cashews
Cabbage
Pumpkin
Cayenne
Apricot
Raisins
Bananas
Peaches
Maitake
Papaya
Reishi
Tomato
Barley
Quinoa
Apples
Orange
Oregon
Olives
Rubus
Poria
Plums
Lemon
Boron
Cacao
Grape
Pear
Coco
Kiwi
Noni
Figs
Lime



Section 37
1. 3 Herbs
Trichosanthes kirilowii – Used fresh
Asplenium scolopendrium
Hygrophila auriculate
Elettaria cardamomum
Rauvolfia serpentine
Lion’s mane mushroom
Black hoof mushroom
Eurycoma longifolia – Simaroubaceae genus, with care
Tribulus terrestris – Caltrop genus, with care
Trametes versicolor
Aquilaria sinensis
Corydalis yanhusuo
Paeonia lactiflora
Bauhinia variegate
Pubescent angelica
Sichuan fritillary
Canadian lousewort
Gymnema sylvestre
Rhamnus purshiana
Scrophulariaceae
Saussurea costus
Lactuca serriola
Argyreia nervosa
Caryophyllaceae
Crateva nurvala
Mucuna pruriens
St. john’s wort
Lycopodiopsida (class)
Sichuan pepper
Purple lapacho
Campanulaceae
Ptychopetalum
Summer savory
Urtica dioica
Bishop’s wort
Dog’s mercury

Section 38
Saw palmetto
Black pepper
Black cohosh
Glycyrrhizae
Atractylodis
Schizonepeta
Crassulaceae
Quercus alba
Milk thistle
Long pepper
Coarse salt (as is)
White peony
Iris plants
Whiteflower
Ashwagandha
Rosa canina
Asteraceae
Commiphora
Cymbopogon
Eucalyptus
Tree Peony
Leptadenia
Ligusticum
Codonopsis
Umbellatus
Pogostemon
Peppermint
Astragalus
Platycodon
Muirapuama
Goldenseal
Cornflower
Coco-grass
Holi basil
Lamiaceae
Rehmannia
Bupleurum
Phaseolus
Boswellia
Bupleurum
Punarnava
Dandelion
Sunflower
Safflower
Fenugreek
Coriander


Section 39
Echinacea
Dong quai
Coltsfoot
Bearsfoot
Forsythia
Kudzuvine
Sargassum
Cape Aloe
Chamomile
Spearmint
Cistanche
Butternut
Echinacea
Bellirica
Enokitake
Gotu kola
Equisetum
Fabaceae
Marigold
Apiaceae
Cardamom
Epunedum
Longjack
Savoyane
Wormwood
Angelica
Parmelia
Psyllium – Plantago genus, used to make fibers out of seeds, good for heart
Valerian
Tarragon
Marjoram
Cinnamon
Purpurea
Red Root
Paeoniae
Skullcap
Cleavers

Section 40
Pinellia
Rosemary
Turmeric
Amaranth
Tamarind
Cascara
Papaver
Chebula
Cuscuta
Alfalfa (pregnant)
Ginseng
Burdock
Seaweed
Epazote
Gentian
Perilla
Oregano
Chervil
Chicory
Spinach
Melissa
Legumes
Lentils
Parsley
Pygeum
Acacia
Fennel
Nutmeg
Ginkgo
Celery
Garlic
Ginger
Yarrow
Borage
Echium
Coptis
Nettle
Oyster
Chaga
Vigna
Grass
Sages

Section 41
Clove
Thyme
Kombu
Algae
Larch
Kutki
Anise
Senna
Wheat
Basil
Palms
Hemp
Oats
Rice
Maca
Kale
Lily
Chia
Rye




1. 4 Animals
Blue glowworm




2. 1 Preparations

It's sad that we have to use a new sample object every time and there are thousands of chemistry ways. Chemistry is everything, it is not just liquids.

Use ROYAL facial gel - it is in golden tube. Below it (shroom) plastic coca cola marks to heal deep scars, putting on it that gel. Povidone iodine and alcohol based are not so good. Use wet nose buggers after surgery, they are also good for finger tips. Not really for eating, but for material usage.
VITC, hyaluronate, collagen, chondroitin, sulfate, moist factor, ion-exchange material and other high quality skin nutrition.


Use hard brush, brush in circle, dry skin. Afterwards use electromagnetic powers / weights to pull out metals out of body.


Hothouse and cold water, hold breath head down in water till body warms up, stay for 5 minutes, leave back to hothouse

Section 42
Kanchanar guggulu
Shihu yeguang wan
Anshen buxin wan
Wu zi yang zong
Carminative
Sourdough
Green tea
Mucilage – gluey substance in plants lives
Piperine – pepper pungency
Bromelain
Papain
Stevia
Resin
Myrrh
Clay




Started writing on October 5th, year 2018
Updated SEPTEMBER 7th, year 2019
Compiled by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS

Section 43
Quotes and insights
Quotes and insights




Quotes are finished by although.
The last that do not want the least.
Words have not been pronounced.
One perfection is meaningless without another.
Lies that are not your lies are not your lies.
People are afraid cause of assumptions.
Without fear there would have been no success.
We are meant to be body to body and wrapped.
Our wisdom comes from light and or dark.
If you hurt someone you didn't know how it is.
Will is over clear mind usually. What a waste.
Look around. Take it. See.
Law is within world, worlds.
Mind to sustain it.
Extend, explain every word fully, even change it and you shall crack all.
Without truth would be no shadow, but abyss.
Anything means nothing because we do not have everything.
Here is too much information for one to correct all.
In your minds mentally up is down and down is up always.
In your minds psychologically everything is inclined always.
In your minds morally front is behind and behind is front always.
One cannot keep denying forever, more denying leads to greater damage anyway.
Five in math, six in literature, seven in art, eight to eyes, nine to move, ten to last.
Smarts depend on joy, peace, completing.
Unity is what matters the most.


Section 44
If you cannot tolerate someone think that you are not in to misleads.
Teach for to collaborate without abandonment.
Earth is too small for only oneself own paths.
Biology is life and justice.
There's no second chance because it surely was not worth it.
We are together when we don't have to go home or jump over fence.
Worthy usually exaggerate.
Not surrendering to boredom.
11/4/2018 Weight your principles, some will slope.
In politics there's only one thing correct - law.
Art without recognition is almost as horse without companion or mammoth without tusks.
Compilation is ugly without comparison.
Liberation is frustrating time with foundation.
A human would find he's ground.
Human is only one with consciousness.
Don't make God do bitter.
God is not of our times.
God has no chemicals.
People fight awareness.
Strength is preserved the most, strength is how human kind will finish all.
Most of morality cannot be compared to human history no more.
11/5/2018 Population is high, but the wind is higher.
Letting mind grow on its own without shredded, corrupted education mechanisms, tactics.
Governments do not have highest physical, material power infliction.
Foundation is evil if it stands on its own self laws.
Mistreatment is in subconsciousness.
No Earth oil, more earthquakes - no vibe -- no unity.
It is to be correct for future so that everything exists aside - everything already exists.
Artificial intelligence is mostly needed to manage systems and file.
The less human exists the more he serves.
You have what you is then are and are then is fulfillment. 

Section 45
Democrats are for people and liberals, republicans, diplomats are with people.
Quantum builds itself - do not interact with it - give it space.
Hate will never share.
Being a Christian by birth is peaceful - becoming a Christian priest is highest known power of skill.
Whole bible is Christianity.
Christianity means strengthen aside Christianity other religions don't stand close.
The idea of making up stories is to use correct words together to accumulate brains in ways they are
11/5/2018 Younger female is in most cases better for a boy.
Struggle does not mean hard at all.
Somethings blocks human feelings, result in bad emotions.
Money was foundation for aspects.
Money was created by American inhabitant.
Sin will be forgiven.
North people like reading, some do it too much, too early.
Money did not benefit only oneself.
Money collapsed its creator.
Human is not an accident.
Our solar system was created by vibe unlike many other.
"Aliens" will not come because our solar system was created by vibe.
"Aliens" can go into weak minded and get here on Earth.
From here a black hole in a black hole is the end.
Sleeplessness opens aspects of dark, cosmoses themselves.
Light has been overwhelmed by virtual and computing it.
America has payed its due.
Here environmentally the ones that leave "alive" ones do not return back to them, but stay with "dead" unless promised to keeper.
Stored fat accumulates brain, should restrain from eating.
Do not over create it will drive you weak.
Complete what you create if it can be completed.
Money is nothing but to keep will of offspring still.
Core is not always one.

Section 46
Always two of almost the same for unity, third is what they cause.
Connection is difficult path.
Impact correctly, be careful.
Impact creates, echoes and fades.
Companion will always help in fear.
Do not seek what is not for oneself.
Fear is just a scream between light and dark.
Silence helps decide one itself.
Details do not always lead to answers.
Population is valuable.
Lie is chance that helps us to stop and see, but it can cause corruption.
Care for your home.
Caring varies - positive, neutral, negative, opposite.
Steal and your dues will be drained.
Vicinities, societies we grew up in are our sanctuary.
Opposite here is to connect with opposite there, but do not mislead your body.
You will find that opposite in chemistry is gate to Quantum / world.
Opposite appears through function here in some ways, we are human.
Opposite has companion - light, but corruption is its everyday work.
Opposite is not unworldly.
Everything is possible in quantum.
Sharing
Saving
Congress or constitution has always been third chamber, because first are people themselves.
Programming must stand by its definitions.
Communication distracts self uncovering and somewhat learning.

Section 47
Females always develop slower in minds unless female has male hormones.
You must be blind to concentrate your focus.
In community most secure place is desert.
Computer hard disk is memory.
Computer RAM is its foundation.
Computer graphics card is its vision.
Computer processor is its brain.
Computer power supply is its level.
Computer motherboard is its looks.
Find God by questioning.
Silent mind to prove its innocence.
For growth - have only what is important.
11/6/2018 Science is being diminished.
Internet has echo.
Community has become industrial.
Community is all human outside movement.
Evil human would disobey truth.
Evil has no life.
Evil is incorrect.
Sacrifices bring knowledge.
Human body is sensitive, thank for home.
Crying feels odd because we have emotion inside of us.
Important parts of programming must be transferred into quotes for life.
Most cannot be at peace with electromagnetics.
Marveling really means timing, placing,…..?
Many words are off described.
Most of religion is creatures.
Religion is science and community.

Section 48
Each sound has its origin.
Close your eyes and dream.
Open your eyes and be.
You must be blind to concentrate your focus.
Children like word anus.
Without inner there is no outer.
Fear is electrical malfunction.
It is correct - to not think on someone, but to ask why.
New law. Black to create cold good thinking mind. For Indians and white you already know.
Linguistic penis, ejaculate and cause reproduction.
Discussing will fade to nominal point.
Investment with money means missioning a group of invalids.
Virginity is something that never returns in oneself, but vibe is of higher understanding while virginity has more love.
Choosing how to solve something depends on cases weight.
First has the most power what comes after first is just the beginning.
Vibe is set for control.
Disturbing sounds kill memorizing.
Discussing sometimes leads to answers.
Discussion is irrelevance it is not how to research and program.
11/7/2018 Time is static now.
Support…?
Wonders are future with life, happiness.
Movement is what makes who we are, it is order of God.
Emptiness is where we all should seek out ideas.
God must drain that what we have while we sleep.
God shall heal us all for greater vibe.
Only oneself shall dream.
Without female male dreams had no meaning.
You must know chemistry to engineer.
Repeating never complies, completes.


Section 49
Life must be with vibe not killed --- Make the correct choice with Spirit.
Value is of immense force.
Places by numbers.
Numbers by places.
Places with numbers.
Numbers with places.
Color through vibe.
Vibe through color.
Vibe is aura to study.
Aura is our zone in which only energies can enter.
Aura is reflection of mind world in emotion.
Hell and heaven have pure emotion.
Writing is for constellation not for grammar.
One human inflicts on all humans.
Later is loose.
Being is in perfect presence.
Beasts are yet to be grown to be.
Combination constellates.
To search is to be found.
Chance is reflection.
Language summons.
Stop both from complaining.
Only take, put evil for good not correct.
Classified is unidentified.
Difference is for difference.
Formality does not equal always.
Formality is our price.
Shredding compensates changes.

Section 50
Choice is not always in perfect presence.
Grace brings fruits Influence causes reaction.
Future rewrites history as one because night returned.
Smaller mass than mass of fire is being pushed further from fire.
Bigger mass than mass of fire is being pulled into fire.
Anything not correctly fully stated or not stated at all is illegal.
If you're arguing with someone same size the enemy is prevention.
If you're not for and or of truth then you have slim chance of return more than once.
If you’re not dead yet and you have hope there is someone that loves you.
When most in same cattle do not know there is evil for failure.
We ask why for there is truth that greater used against us humans.
Not a single group of people existed cause not all knew of them.
Yourself inside - there the one besides has opposite.
To escape abyss - inclined to reversing.
Marijuana helps re-enter in bounds of atomic time.
From light to dark to water to fire to dark.
What happens to us here changes our shape.
Heart only takes back what is ours for ourselves not to ourselves.
After green there is always white in between to yellow.
We were meant and not to be different.
When you are dead, you can say that you already knew, but now that you're dead you do not know.
While you are alive you can stay that you didn't know, but now that you're alive you.
It is not earned if the work was mindless.
You must set in false rotation to have a lot of money.
Change…?
Follow…?
Offer….?
Telling important information anyone is…?
Do useful work do not achieve waste.
As present is as is, that is how it was.

Section 51
Green…?
Cannot emulate originality.
You are a drainer if you follow blind to help later.
You are a killer if you follow blind to help later.
You are scared if you follow blind to help later.
You are a liar if you follow blind to help later.
You are a bitch if you follow blind to help later.
Earth is a human ritual, to be as our bodies.
Once quantum, one atomic, no God, once atomic, once quantum, once God, twice atomic
What you cannot print is shovelling
None has conquering
Past will always be no more than 3
Human is correct himself
Truth can live if you're willing to take it
Only the one that denies something can reallow that
Usually can only be an object
Unknown has no order only when it will double
Time is that something works on something, set or unset
3/15/2019 Money is a historical respect barrier today that we'll delight
Vibration is as creating, recreating life of magic
Magic is as emptying, mistreating life of vibration
The Earth is the compass, together we'll make oxzypass
There were the people who stayed with friends and the ones that settled and moved
Spirit will always be separate for each
Believe your ancestors
Power is you, force is slave
Shred yourself inside down to limits only
It's sad to see beings fade away
Life is to settle

Section 52
3/20/2019 No difference are you questioning or answering generally
Only predict without history
Without damage no one needs money
Operating is literature only
3/15/2019 There is no general literature, expression and pronouncement and hand writing
Brains……?
You never know when you may need money without gain
Correct many cost for incorrect one - these were plans of many where kindly laws enforced, starting holes
The only laws that can be outside from cosmos are engines.
Pieces to puzzle missing. Thus there is no answer instead the opposite and whispers.
You cannot respect history when none knows who you they are
Agency systematics beginnings cause of buildings
Nothing is more important than human body
Once quantum, one atomic, no God, once atomic, once quantum, once God, twice atomic
What you cannot print is shoveling
None has conquering
Past will always be no more than within 3
Human is correct himself
Truth can live if you're willing to take it
Only the one that denies something can reallow that
Usually can only be an object
Unknown has no order only when it will double
The more there is of energies, the stronger it gets
The more there is of force
Job doesn't always mean it will work
Most are root of evil.
Cosmos is too large for lonely hatred
Fake is lie in eternity of emptiness
War is out of time
Long life gives kindness
Don't ever interrupt space

Section 53
When you have helped someone, but they still harm you just roll your eyes
Only threat is being close to another body, get rid of it without thinking of consequences aside that one threat
Bottom dreamists of laziness, freewill
Confusement in unsettlement
Stone-age inaction is resolved by stone-age reaction to such action, inaction.
How many times we have lived and failed thus
How many times we have died and regained thus
Not promised values to best value
Valentine day is a minded day without material significance




Started writing on OCTOBER 5th, year 2018
Updated MARCH 23rd, year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS


Started writing on AUGUST 11t, year 2019
Updated SEPTEMBER 7th, year 2019
Written by NIKLAVS BEIKERTS

Still defy
https://direct-link.net/378257/folium-ellaboration-was

What, pressure down?
https://link-hub.net/378257/describe-this-image-the

Unusual
https://link-hub.net/378257/thuggish-but-still-possi

Thanksgiving monument
https://link-hub.net/378257/never-loose-subordinarity

        "Written by Nick Bye --- non-human robot none can do without"

Section 54
Policy control, lifestyle and space, project management
The cannon sledgehammer

48.C4, RAID, RIP/DVD, BLURAY difference, please?

Is artificial conduct delimited from membranes?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

49.Would you prefer a under keyboard Latvian, German laptop touchpad entering group policies and windows keys with own operating systems from over American firmware with MICROSOFT WINDOWS file permission plug and play universal bus devices aggregated remote controllers bound from other places? Or just a game-pad joystick?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

50.What is on premises coudry combust attaching?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

51.What is behind machine code?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

52.What would be the dawn of interpolation and birth?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

53.Why do programmers build on top and from bottom of protocols for business?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

54.What are the differences between opening a MICROSOFT website and opening any other internal or external link?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

55.What is more secure than machine code?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

56.Would you prefer generating children on INTEL generative processors with MICROSOFT WINDOWS 10-11th, ANDROID GOOGLE 10-12th before 10-11th INTEL generation processors like i7 with UEFI booty or INTEL XEON workstation and server processors while upgrading INTEL XEON features?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

57.How would you remove horny keyboard glue?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

58.Is Bill Gates a third's third company meanwhile, now?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

59.Are "virtual" licenses for example GNU, creative attributions taking over taxes demographically or pirates and internet, phone service providers?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

60.Name all of the International Space/Cosmos Station direct mechanisms.

What are major computer overlap methods and over interpretations?

What is UBUNTU operating system plan for domain, city control?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

61.What is the relay off code format in MICROSOFT WINDOWS that is most impacted from change .BIN or .CFG?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

62.How to share cache destruction extrapolimatterly?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

Section 55
Before you proceed

63.How to slam all sorted matter into belonging material? Describe the change and altitude.Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

64.What's the difference between selection, marking, dragging in MICROSOFT WINDOWS?
GIF., exponate and close?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

Section 56
MICROSOFT WINDOWS
If necessary deactivate your drive and reinstall boot loader reapplying boot store policy.
This is what it can do basically, image is a bit more upgraded version. Squashes viruses. 
Especially league of legends MICROSOFT windows game area identified as so called "trojan" together with computer infection globally. Or NASA satellite virus. Or Russian computers or PENTAGON probability between those. You can use this computer to get rid of governments, federations, adware background hacking and certification loans or antivirus identity thefts etc. 
~800 megahertz 0 point 3 memory processor runs ~400 megahertz 0 point 2 memory graphic card render very well, cold. You will break the shared password to login, but after a while it will deprecate due to constant attacks and lurking, anyway. Ninety percent of sold firmware is hacked, you better take this VHD. BIOS is the problem to all, in your face, no more than to offer later or sooner. Offer, offer.
The licenses are paid for you.
 
   If you want to enable OpenEDR by Xcitium then you need to boot separately and load system registry hive to enable it same for Microsoft Advanced Threat Intelligence. Has tenant restriction firewall and block against unauthorized peers, MDM, VPN, please use designated VPS to have open connection to global peering. BestCrypt Data Shelter is disabled. They take all the power. Disable, enable at your own convenience.

"administrative" aLkInDlI3@ 
Administrator
"alkindli" eXzOlIvEsFoReVeR3@
User
 
Use ONEDRIVE only to submit intellectual property.

Everything works, impossible to corrupt. Except that they add new application to bad encryption. Prior to that.. "Windows update" must update the binary, so it may take hundred years instead of client 2024 to LTSC 2028 corrections. Even though image is wrong.
Those were test images. Nothing like that will happen. I suggest to reverse engineer all, even that won't work. Especially their eyeballs left on legs, intentionally. Believe it or not privacy is integer own property.
7/30/2023 - 7/31/2023 If you leave such a network monitor follow up, someone will come in house to attack grants, that all, human or not. Mostly because of unauthenticated peer block. Hack a bank. I can, but I'd rather be proud. To what it is defined. Take explorer.exe for example opening inside Garry's mod of NVIDIA geforceNOW used for crypto mining. Everything's a internet rootkit, except that.

Working on it 12:07 AM 8/10/2023, 
All's working consistently with full availability
Here's a policy download
https://avigedsfcmxrozb-my.sharepoint.com/personal/dafrayal_avigedsfcmxrozb_onmicrosoft_com/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fdafrayal%5Favigedsfcmxrozb%5Fonmicrosoft%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2F%24%25DAFRAYAL%25%2F%24%25DAFRAYAL%25%2E7z&parent=%2Fpersonal%2Fdafrayal%5Favigedsfcmxrozb%5Fonmicrosoft%5Fcom%2FDocuments%2F%24%25DAFRAYAL%25&ga=1

65."Are you sure you want to carry on with this?"Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

Section 57
Hi!
Would you like ordinary weapons for destruction and laming?

66.Would reader prove and cross?Required to answer. Multi Line Text. 
Enter your answer

Section 58
One more question and "Niklavs Beikerts, Nick B. will be all yours."

67.Really, "kind of a" or actually?Required to answer. Single line text. 
Enter your answer

Section 59
Wait!
Are you Nick?

Section 60
Time to spray manifest yourself!
Link in and park!

Section 61
Time to close manifest yourself!
Click submit!
